{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2820
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww24560\viewh13060\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf0 Project Brainstorm
\fs24 \
\

\f1\b \ul Important Thoughts \
\

\f0\b0 \ulnone Define sets in time and space domains (frames, etc. )\
\
Changing between shape domain and time domain should be invariant. Can look from time or step into spaces between stems. \
\
Going to build a consistent notation to better keep track of bytes, stems, time, any other dimension. May end up being similar to tensor notation.\
Will require a concrete hierarchy of components (BST?) eg. Byte < Stem < Song\
\
Is the visual a set of geometric waveforms or are the visuals a composition of discreet shapes in space?\
					- Are these shapes closed form?\
\
\
How to build/describe the time coordinate plane?\
\
Maybe 3 frames to consider: memory snapshot, current snapshot, prediction snapshot\
Is POV_o set at t=0 with an even spread of t on either side? \
Does origin exist from t=0 to t' (looking forward in time), t=0 as midpoint of t= +- t', etc\
I think I want to describe the case where I am unbiased and can shift between prediction and memory without shifting-looking head on so to speak, not leaning one way and looking the other. \
\
Individual, isolated sounds that are instantaneous and solitary are restricted to a set where they are the only element unless they appear as a layer in a song. In the latter case they would appear as a single object in the time and space domain alone with any other wave forms captured in the frame. [THIS IDEA IS CONVOLUTED BUT IS EASIER TO DESCRIBE AND VISUALIZE THAN I AM MAKING IT]\
\
\
The instances of beats can be used to capture frames. \
\
I think that the time domain will be the domain concerned with the actual visualization and creation of frame sets,\
Space domain will use function to build waves in parallel and map to time domain on correct time slice. May be helpful to track beats as unit\
\
May want to standardize to listening device ie my Sony headphones w normal settings. \
\

\f1\b\fs36 \ul Notation
\f0\b0\fs24 \ulnone \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 (Time 
\f0\b0 denoted by t)\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \

\f1\b Time domain
\f0\b0 : looking at wave form of sounds in units of t. View of frame which may or may not be symmetric about t = 0. May be used to consider the waves observed in frames as discreet evolutions. \
\

\f1\b Space domain
\f0\b0 : looking at wave forms along geometry of stems not considering time. These shapes are assembled linearly in time but need not be at t == 0. This frame follows actual trajectories of shape wave form. Possible that the wave forms are continuous in this domain, long as invariant into and from time domain. \
\

\f1\b Stem:
\f0\b0  the component wave of individual shapes which I visualize. Bass stem, vocal stem, guitars, hi-hats, etc. (maybe have stem notation with unique subscript as it pertains) [see Sub Wave]\
 \

\f1\b Beats: 
\f0\b0 Beats help in building the geometries of a stem and may actually be what defines the time domain. (Denoted with b_)\
\

\f1\b Bytes: 
\f0\b0 describes points along the stems. Unspecified as to peak trough etc, but will probably have a time notation and stem notation (t, ). Unit in the space domain. May be analogous to a beat, possibly unit of conversion between time and space domains. (\
\

\f1\b POV/snapshot:
\f0\b0  The POV is the snapshot I am considering. As of now could be the memory POV, present POV, prediction POV [may swap frame and snapshot to describe the cross section]\
\

\f1\b Layer:
\f0\b0   A sub wave element as it exists in space domain. This will determine how the sounds are visualized on each other in frame. eg. There are layers of the sound  \
\

\f1\b Space:
\f0\b0  I consider the space (not immediately pertinent to the domain) to be some abstraction of the distance between the layers. I expect to define this during this project.  \
\

\f1\b Frame: 
\f0\b0 the frame is the cross section of the wave form I consider in any POV. A mental picture, so to speak. \
\

\f1\b Sub Wave: 
\f0\b0 Adding this to better describe the individual wave form. Sub waves in a frame in time domaine are the individual wave forms and shapes. Sounds need not be continuous, boop and beep exist as individual shapes. Stem, time notation\
 \

\f1\b Wave: 
\f0\b0 In time domain, the set of sub waves between t_1, t_2 when viewed in frame is the wave.\
	 In space domain, the term may be used interchangeably with sub-wave in the event that we are only considering a specific subwave. \
\

\f1\b\fs36 \ul Abstract\

\f0\b0\fs24 \ulnone \
\
I create a visual representation of sounds when I hear them. More than not, they appear to be some 2D or 3D shape/structure/space with consistency. Let's consider music, for example. When I listen to music, I visualize the song as a set of shapes which evolves over time.  Essentially, I visualize a wave form of shapes which is apparent in real time as a song is played. I can describe this wave form in a time domain but also in what I would consider to be a physical analysis of the song in space (ie space domain). \
\
\
\

\f1\b Time domain:
\f0\b0 \
\
- While listening to music, there is a frame which appears in real time as the song plays similar to a frame on a computer screen. Observing in this frame, one is aware of a set of waves which exist from some [t_1, t_2]. This frame may be defined by the timing of beats in the song, and the set of sub-waves being the objects captured. \{interesting to consider for organizational purposes, as this frame being a discreet object which evolves to a new frame\} \
\
- Observing wave at some t where t_1 <= t <= t_2\
\
- Frame in time domain captures wave form as a continuous object between two beats, b_l and b_r where b_l and b_r are beats at t = t_l = t_1 and t_r = t _2, respectively. \
\
- A frame will evolve as a live \
\
****** Want to define the time domain rigorously such that:\
		- A frame can be described as a \'93Live Photo\'94 where the elements may evolve within frame\
		- A frame is a set of points in time as  [t_l, t_r] with elements denoted t_l, t_(l+1),t_(l+2), \'85, t_(r-1), t_r \
		- The elements (timestamps) in a frame set map to a visual encoding of the audio  (may have to do this individually and impose on to each other bc function)\
		- The visual encodings may range from a single shape in space as it appears, in the case of an instantaneous sound, or something resembling rigid 2d/3d objects in percussion, etc. \
		- A set of frames from t=0 to t = t_(r,n) is a closed set that encodes the audio from t=0 to t= t_(r,n) with elements being frames which exist from t = [t_0, t_r,1],\'85[t_(l, n-1), t_(r, n-1)], [[t_(l, n), t_(r, n)]]\
\
\

\f1\b Space Domain: (programmatically may have to run parallel w/ ^ to help map in time domain)\

\f0\b0 \
For starters, I will want to define this space as rigorously as possible. Unsure yet as to unit assumptions other than direction of time is a general assumption. \
\
- The space domain exists for the length of an audio input. It consists of a single frame which exists from t=0 until t=t_f\
\
- Bytes are segments of waves in the space domain with a time index and wave index. The time index of a byte may be written as time or with beat notation (t, b respectively)\
\
- Byte notation time index may be t\'92= t_2-t_1 = delta(Time)\
- Bytes can be instantaneous or continuous \
	- instantaneous: p_ (t\'92=0, w=0; \
\
\
Space domain  -> set of bytes \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 - In this space, observer can iterate between wave forms and consider the space within them as they are layered, not concerning with time other than \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0    \{Will write in terms of individual songs for clarity in the following.\} \
\
\

\f1\b \ul Description of Sounds: \

\f0\b0 \ulnone \
\

\f1\b Synth (maybe guitar):\
\
Base:
\f0\b0 \
\
\
I think I'll end up having to create a set of rules (how definitive, tbd) to convert sounds into objects with a volume quality to them. Some combination of pitch, tempo, depth , texture, :length of beat?" \
What are some characteristics/components of sound that can best be used to describe the shapes?\
Considering percussion / base structure would be ideal for the definition of this. \
Then thinner sounds could end up lacking all but some combination of the dimensionality that is present in bass sound\
}